All happy families are alike, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
слово на русском
Everything was confused in the Oblonskys' house. The wife found out that her husband was in touch with a French governess who was in their house, and announced to her husband that she could not live with him in the same house. This situation lasted for the third day and was painfully felt by the spouses themselves, and by all family members, and household members. All family members and household members felt that there was no point in their cohabitation and that at every inn, people who accidentally came together are more connected to each other than they, family members and Oblonskys' household members. The wife did not leave her rooms, the husband was not at home for the third day. The children ran all over the house as if they were lost; the Englishwoman quarreled with the housekeeper and wrote a note to a friend, asking her to look for a new place for her; the cook left the yard yesterday during dinner; the black cook and the coachman asked for a calculation.

On the third day after the quarrel, Prince Stepan Arkadyevich Oblonsky - Steve, as he was called in the world - at the usual hour, that is, at eight o'clock in the morning, woke up not in his wife's bedroom, but in his study, on a morocco sofa ... the well-groomed body on the springs of the sofa, as if wishing to fall asleep again for a long time, on the other side hugged the pillow tightly and pressed his cheek to it; but suddenly he jumped up, sat down on the sofa and opened his eyes.
На другой день, 3-го марта, во 2-м часу по полудни, 250 человек членов Английского клуба и 50 человек гостей ожидали к обеду дорогого гостя и героя Австрийского похода, князя Багратиона. В первое время по получении известия об Аустерлицком сражении Москва пришла в недоумение. В начале 1806 года Николай Ростов вернулся в отпуск. Денисов ехал тоже домой в Воронеж, и Ростов уговорил его ехать с собой до Москвы и остановиться у них в доме. На предпоследней станции, встретив товарища, Денисов выпил с ним три бутылки вина и подъезжая к Москве, несмотря на ухабы дороги, не просыпался, лежа на дне перекладных саней, подле Ростова, который, по мере приближения к Москве, приходил все более и более в нетерпение.А сколько раз я гордился ею, гордился ее величавой красотой, ее светским тактом, думал он; гордился тем своим домом, в котором она принимала весь Петербург, гордился ее неприступностью и красотой. Так вот чем я гордился?! Я тогда думал, что не понимаю ее.